Every day, Solange Madriz spends several emotionally draining hours on the phone with people who are scared.

The people on the other end of the line have all been identified as close contacts of an individual who tested positive for COVID-19, and she is one of 180 contact tracers in San Francisco calling to tell them to get tested and stay home.

“You could tell by the tone of the voice, by the way they’re asking questions, and it's heartbreaking,” Madriz said. “I have social services that can support them and it's just heartbreaking to know they are experiencing fear — not only are they sick, but they are experiencing fear in a moment when they need a hand to support them.”

If they have to take time off to quarantine, they worry about losing a paycheck and then missing rent, she said. Immigrants worry their information could be shared with the federal authorities, and whether accessing public assistance could be held against them in future immigration proceedings, according to Madriz, who said most of her calls are done in Spanish.

But even just getting people on the phone can be a challenge, thanks to a confluence of factors hampering California’s contact tracing efforts — all of which ultimately make it more difficult to control the spread of COVID-19 in a state that now has the highest number of cases in the country.

Full coverage of the coronavirus outbreak

A distrust of the government has caused a portion of people who contract COVID-19 to refuse to share information on whom they’ve been in close contact with before they tested positive, while others have declined out of sheer embarrassment. Delays getting the results of tests rendered contact tracing efforts moot in some cases. Meanwhile, the rise in cases in the state have challenged contact tracers to keep up with the sheer volume of people to call.

“It’s not a good situation,” said Brad Pollock, associate dean for public health sciences at the University of California Davis School of Medicine. “It might’ve been an OK situation three and a half or four weeks ago thinking the epidemic leveled off, but the epidemic didn’t stay still.”

California became the fourth state to pass 100,000 total confirmed cases of the coronavirus May 27, right after the state began letting counties reopen certain businesses. It has since jumped to over 481,000 cases, tracking by NBC News shows, leading the nation. Los Angeles County alone has 183,383 confirmed cases, health officials said Wednesday.

Public health experts say contact tracing is going to be critical to containing the spread and getting states to a point where they can reopen.

“There is no place in the world that has successfully limited transmission without a contact tracing program,” said Emily Gurley, an epidemiologist at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, and lead instructor for an online course on contact tracing.

In late May, Gov. Gavin Newsom announced the state would train 10,000 people to become contact tracers in programs run at the county level, an effort called California Connected. But as the number of confirmed coronavirus cases in California, and in several other states, have grown over the summer, so too have the delays in getting testing results back.